Miss Shangguan
Are you sure you won't regret it?
I can trust my grandfather's vision
Come on.
Who is that?
Never seen
He doesn't seem to be in our circle.
It's too casual to dress like this at the fat feast
Could it be that he is a prominent son of some family in the imperial capital?
Deliberately low-key appearance
What a shit boy
He is a migrant worker who moves bricks on the construction site
This person is my ex-husband
I don't know which rich woman he has fallen in love with recently.
He was in a hurry to divorce me
true or false?
Such a disgusting person
There is such a person at the flying flower banquet, of course not
So I suspect he broke in to steal something
After all, everyone here is either rich or expensive
Who would bring a mistress to meet Miss Shangguan?
Who dares?
The woman behind him can't even get in
I think
Did he come through that dog hole?
Hahaha, what happened?
Uncle Wang, why are you here?
I'll be in charge of the reception
You must serve Miss Shangguan well
I'm really going to visit Miss Shangguan
What are you guys doing all this noise?
Disturb Miss Shangguan
How is good?
Uncle Wang, listen to me
I suspect this kid is sneaking around
To make trouble at this flying flower feast
What about your invitation, sir?
I don't have an invitation